so for today's show out of a possible
one million dollars our three
contestants have managed to Bank a
stunningly awful nothing
once again three still alive in the game
our professor Nick fuzzy Huckleberry
Lorraine Swanson professor mcfuzz II
we'll start with you while in the
Galapagos Islands he developed the
theory of evolution I need an answer
please me Tarzan you moron the answers
chose Darwin Lorraine ah Lorraine
Lorraine a thing what a mighty mean
shanghaied my spectacles over here pull
over
Lorraine you are running out of time and
I am running out of patience your
question yeah I got a question over here
stay what do you call them little
buggers right there what are that what I
like them cheat loser huh I'm quite sure
I have no idea
well I'll tell you one thing they are is
tasty yeah
Lorraine I'm gonna have to ask you to
step back to your podium please you won
for the professor McCausland fine and
now back to your podium please Lorraine
your question if I may
Charlton Heston made a man tormented by
Apes in what epic yep epic yep fafda yep
yeah in what epic yep yep God Oh No get
in there you know Carl he got mugged in
the parking lot
god that's where those traveler's checks
though Lopez Oh Lorraine huh we are out
of time once again no money baked no
correct answers no intelligence in the
contestants circle is now time for the
contestants to decide who is imagining
the contestants are equally awful
statistics are meaningless in this
situation that the human will pulled
away by name but damn oh boy one of you
evolutionary screw-ups will be leaving
us now
professor mcfuzz II you didn't even pick
up your pen huckleberry you seem to
imply that I should kiss your ass
Lorraine it looks like you drew some
sort of a map oh I want to make sure
that I could find my way back to the
hotel from here Oh once again I will
have to make the decision as to who is
with Elizabeth huckleberry although I
did not appreciate the slap on the ass
at least you made an effort Lorraine you
are limiting me good right
play that anniebanany
oh she sure had a bee in her bonnet huh
that's what you call one of them what
are the kids of today call it it but
yeah true yeah oh it's monkeys are cute
that's fun Oh